Update term for STS releases (#48127)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/versions/index.md

title: How the .NET Runtime and SDK are versioned
description: This article explains how the .NET SDK and Runtime are versioned (similar to semantic versioning).
ms.custom: updateeachrelease
ms.date: 08/26/2025
---

# How .NET is versioned

The [.NET Runtime and the .NET SDK](../introduction.md) add new features at different frequencies. In general, the SDK is updated more frequently than the runtime. This article explains the runtime and the SDK version numbers.

> .NET releases a new major version every November. Even-numbered releases, such as .NET 6 or .NET 8, are long-term support (LTS) releases. LTS releases get free support and patches for three years. Odd-numbered releases are standard-term support (STS) releases. Standard-term support releases get free support and patches for 2 years (starting with .NET 8).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.NET releases a new major version every November. Even-numbered releases, such as .NET 6 or .NET 8, are long-term support (LTS) releases. LTS releases get free support and patches for three years. Odd-numbered releases are standard-term support (STS) releases. Standard-term support releases get free support and patches for two years (starting with .NET 9).
```
